# Lab Book 19/8/19
- **Author:** Priyal Dass
- **Supervisor:** Associate Professor John Ashton
------------------------------------------------------------------
## Overview

Continuing selumetinib SRBs and sending H3122s for sequencing

------------------------------------------------------------------
## Tasks

1. Selumetinib SRB 8 day 5
2. Gel extraction of H3122 PCR products
3. Sending H3122 PCR products for sequencing

------------------------------------------------------------------
## Task 1: Selumetinib SRB 8 day 5

[Day 5 of the SRB protocol](../Protocols/SRB_Cytotoxicity_assay.md) was carried out. However after the final step of adding the Tris-HCl the plate was mixed too vigourously, affecting the absorbance reading.
The data has been added to the excel file but not the prism file yet

### Next
Repeat the selumetinib SRB again to get 3x valid replicates with selumetinib (all done in media with serum)

------------------------------------------------------------------
## Task 2: Gel extraction of H3122 PCR products

The 3x H3122 PCR products [from last week](../Daily_lab_book/LB_19-08-16.md) were stored in the fridge over the weekend. Today they were purified using the Thermofisher PureLink Quick Gel Extraction Kit. No modifications were made to the protocol and the optional isoproponol step was omitted.

### Next
Set up sequencing + store remaining purified product at -20C
------------------------------------------------------------------
## Task 3: Sending H3122 PCR products for sequencing

6 sequencing reactions were set up total: Each of the ALK PCR products with its corresponding forward and reverse primers.

- Reaction 1: ALK_1 with ALK_1_F primer
- Reaction 2: ALK_1 with ALK_1_R primer
- Reaction 3: ALK_2 with ALK_2_F primer
- Reaction 4: ALK_2 with ALK_2_R primer
- Reaction 5: ALK_3 with ALK_3_F primer
- Reaction 6: ALK_3 with ALK_3_R primer

Each reaction contained 4uL of the purified gel product and 1uL of 3.2pmol primer (1.6uL 10mM primer + 3.4uL filter sterilised water).

Samples were sequenced by GAS Otago

### Next
Wait for sequencing!
